Yasuda, do you have anything?
No, my wife's name is Kiyoko, a beautiful and polite maiden.
I think she's the best in the world when it comes to attention.
She's been with Mitsuki for three years, but she never let me talk to her.
I'm trying to tell her to do that.
Hmm.
Maybe it's my wife's sleeping habit that she can't talk to me at all.
I'm lonely. I'm not lonely.
When I want to get up in the morning, my wife pulls me up with her hand.
The clock is ticking.
I want you to hold me tight.
You're not going to scare me, are you?
When I want to read the newspaper, she shows me the page.
When I'm done reading the page, she turns the page.
When I'm done reading the newspaper, she pulls me with her chin.
Oh, you want me to move my face?
That's right.
So I put it on the table.
I can't eat chopsticks.
My wife eats what she puts on the chopsticks.
I never look at anything else while I eat.
I eat a lot of food.
I eat a lot of rice.
I eat a lot of sashimi.
I saw a firecracker the other day.
Three red-hot tadons came in.
It was so hot at that time.
It was so hot, saying it was my wife's pity.
You have a great idea.
What's next?
Why do you have such a bad girl?
My wife is very smart.
She's very good at making salt.
I confess to you.
My belly is long and strong.
My wife made it.
It's a masterpiece.
My favorite person was a person with a long belly.
If a cute boy is born between you and me,
I'll wash his belly with a towel.
It's a masterpiece.
It's fun.
The most enjoyable thing is when you do the laundry in the morning.
It may be dirty, but when a poet like my wife does the laundry,
it's born by the death of a good person.
I'm hungry.
My belly is like a corner of a corner.
I'm very happy.
My belly is short and thin.
I am very happy.
My belly is like a corner of a corner.
I'm very happy.
You're very happy.
I see. It's different.
But the fact that there is a school is true.
You must have been in a school.
Yes, I was in a girls' college.
Girls' college is great. Where is the girls' college?
It's sitting next to the driver.
Idiot, that's a girls' college for cars.